Now we're going to remove the shoulders,
shoulders
on any animal, they work very hard.
These are the muscles that are used
to propel the animal forward.
If you think about any of these animals,
they're eating grass,
so they're bending down,
using those shoulders to get down lower
and have access to that.
So the other thing
that's interesting about shoulders
is that there's not really that much
holding them onto the carcass here.
So I usually start by trying
to create a cavity. OK.
And then I try to visualize that line,
so I want it round like this?
Have a nice, round swooping
line seem to come up,
as I mentioned to this line earlier. So.
Nice and easy.
And I just try to visualize here
where I'm going,
and I'm almost free already.
You can see in here.
This is the back of the scapula here.
And when I'm doing this, this is that seam
butchery that I'm talking about.
So when I do this,
I shouldn't see incisions.
See, I went a little deep here,
but I should see it nice and clean.
And that's how you know you're doing it
effectively.
I'm just going to leave it
right on the table
and finish that cut.
So there's my shoulder
with my foreshank as well.